Add optional `field` argument to `__modify_schema__` (#3434)
samuelcolvin/pydantic: docs/usage/schema.md

Custom field types can customise the schema generated for them using the `__modify_schema__` class method;
see [Custom Data Types](types.md#custom-data-types) for more details.

> You can also add any of the following arguments to the signature to use them in the implementation:
> 
> * `field`: the field whose schema is customized. Type of object is `pydantic.fields.ModelField`.
> * `**kwargs`: if provided, the above argument will be provided in they `kwargs` dictionary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`__modify_schema__` can also take a `field` argument which will have type `Optional[ModelField]`, pydantic will inspect the signature of `__modify_schema__` to determine
whether the `field` argument should be included.
```
Or something. Explaining about `**kwargs` is overkill here I think.

Might also be worth adding an example.

Author: Simplified the documentation as suggested, and added an example
